Inside of classes the constructor is something that gets run every time we instantiate or use the new keyword on a class.

Now the beauty with classes is that as object oriented programming suggests, we want to keep all our functionality inside of this box, all the properties, all the state, all the methods, all the actions together.

Underneath the hood in JavaScript, we're still using prototypical inheritance. We're not using classes like classes work in other languages.

Now, as we'll find out, classes aren't necessarily the answer to everything, as we'll see when we get to functional programming.
But also there's an interesting story or a quote behind why JavaScript doesn't have classes.

"If I had done classes in JavaScript back in May 1995, I'd have been told that it was too much like Java or that JavaScript was competing with Java... I was under the marketing orders to make it look like Java, but not make it too big for its britches.

But class keyword is still just prototype inheritance. And some people call this pseudo classical inheritance because it's not real classical inheritance.

## Class

According to the specification, if a class extends another class and has no constructor, then the following “empty” constructor is generated:

```js
class Rabbit extends Animal {
  // generated for extending classes without own constructors
  constructor(...args) {
    super(...args);
  }
}
```
As we can see, it basically calls the parent constructor passing it all the arguments. That happens if we don’t write a constructor of our own.

In order for us to use the this keyword inside of the constructor, when we extend something, we have to call super first otherwise it will throw an error.

```js
class User {
    constructor (name) {
        this.name = name
    }
}

class Person extends User{
    constructor (name, age) {
        console.log(this) //error
        super(name)
        this.age = age
        //console.log(this) // object
    }
}

let x = new Person("Sat", 23)
console.log(Person.prototype.isPrototypeOf(x)); //true
console.log(Person.isPrototypeOf(x)); // false
console.log(Function.prototype.isPrototypeOf(Person)); // true
console.log(Function.isPrototypeOf(Person)); // false
console.log(User.prototype.isPrototypeOf(Person.prototype)); // true
console.log(User.isPrototypeOf(Person.prototype)); //false
console.log(User.isPrototypeOf(Person)); // true
console.log(Person.__proto__ === User); // true
console.log(Person.prototype.__proto__ === User.prototype); // true
console.log(Person.__proto__ === User.prototype); // false
```
Because proto refers to prototype of that class or constructor function which has created that object. 



