As we mentioned, JavaScript is a single threaded programming language, it has only one stack and one heap.
If any other program wants to execute something, it has to wait until the previous program or function is completely executed.

And this is where JavaScript runtime comes in.
In this case, the web browser is working in the background, while the synchronous JavaScript code is running, and it's using something called the Web API or the web browser API to communicate and let the JS engine know -  Hey, I'm back with some data, some work that you told me to do in the background.

The Web API comes with the browser.
Chrome.
Microsoft.
Edge.
Safari.
Firefox.
All of them have their JavaScript engine implementation, and all of them have a JavaScript runtime that provide a web API.

These Web APIs are applications, which can do a variety of things like send HTTP requests, listen to DOM events, maybe click events on a Dom. It can even be used for caching or database storage on the browser.

If we go to the console and I look at the window object. Well, this is what the browser provides. This is the web API that we can use so that if I scroll down here, I can see different things that the browser provides for us that our JavaScript engine can use.
For example 
- fetch. That is the function to make HTTP calls we can use that.
- index DB, that's actually a little database that we can use on our browser. That the browser provides for us.

So remember that the browsers are helping us create rich web applications, so that users aren't just sitting around waiting for our JavaScript to execute anything that can be offloaded. They'll take care of that for us in the background.
Because you can imagine if the browser had to use the same JavaScript thread for execution of these features, well, it's going to take a really long time.


So browsers actually underneath the hood use low level programming languages like C++ to perform these operations in the background.

